# July 29, 2019 meeting minutes

_Join us on Zoom: [https://zoom.us/j/795404957](https://zoom.us/j/795404957) Mondays 9:30am Pacific_

---

  We've had our release time (lots of releases in the past few weeks). We're now back in the “where are we going” stage.

## nteract desktop [SA]

- Triaging issues
- VDOM Event Handler
- Conversations at Microsoft bubbling around ipywidgets support in nteract
- JupyterLab now has Data Explorer support! [https://github.com/jupyterlab/jupyterlab-data-explorer](https://github.com/jupyterlab/jupyterlab-data-explorer)
- Desktop and package releases!
- Vega and Bokeh fixes

## papermill and scrapbook [MS]

- Nbconvert multiprocessing fixes are still in the works to ship
- Matt will be out next week, so we likely won’t see the nbconvert release in time for this week or next
- Most of the issues are related to LaTeX and BibTeX

## Bookstore [MP - Slack note]

One update is that I’ve been thinking about a security model for bookstore that would make it easier to bypass the confirmation page for cloning in a secure fashion by having a whitelisted set of buckets to clone from.

### Hydrogen [TD]

*   Refactor a bunch of the code to section it off. Lots of unrelated code in same files.
*   Working on a lot of PRs
*   Lots of enhancements based on issues over the past 3 months
*   3 releases over the last 3 months
*   Would like to be able to have more plugin support, right now it’s just kernel middleware
*   Wiki gardening
*   Really old issue about Gadfly components

## Community and Public Relations [SA]

Zeit wants to do a case study on nteract:
-  Convert play and the website to v2 of their platform
- Share some insights on how that went
- Will be making a donation to the project

## Process and contributor engagement [CW]

- How can we better communicate moving forward? Since some of us jump in and out of the project, it’s hard to know what the priorities are.
- We’d like to make it clearer what’s coming up and where things are going.
- Need to finalize PRs on nbconvert
- Nteract on jupyter -- conda recipe updates -- Carol is involved there
- Archive old repos pretty please
- Resurface the roadmap
- Close the papermill 1.0 project

## Action Items

*   Schedule a time to review the nteract [roadmap](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1YDixHwNCWoPDUKeAmlR3q5c6ty1YklXuL2z53pL2lN4/edit#heading=h.6qsfzumpacqn)
*   Archive repos that are not expected to change
*   Close org project - release papermill 1.0

## Contributors to today's meeting

Attendees: KK, SA, CW, MS, TD

Via Slack note: MP

Out of Office / Vacation: SS

---

## Agenda format

**Note: We used the following prompts to discuss reflections of the past week and priorities for the next week. We hope this will improve contributor understanding of the project's activities and priorities.**

### Reflections from the Past Week

*   Releases
*   nteract
*   papermill and scrapbook
*   bookstore
*   hydrogen
*   other projects
*   community and contributors

### Priorities for Upcoming Week

*   Releases planned
*   nteract
*   papermill and scrapbook
*   bookstore
*   hydrogen
*   other projects
*   community and contributors

### Action Items
