Kyle:

* Plotcon was awesome
* Keys all set with Apple for releasing
* One blocker on releasing is a “status” key that ended up in the tree. Pair programmed with thomas bollinger on fixing it. Should release today.

**State Tree / In Memory Model**

We likely need to revisit our state tree to think hard on 

* `state.document.notebook`
  - Notebook format itself
  - Persisted, able to be written to disk
  - Shared across clients (when multi-user)
* `state.document.transient`
  - Lives only during lifetime of a kernel
  - Display IDs
  - :soon: status
  - Model IDs (to come later)
  - Shared across clients (when multi-user)
* `state.config` (?)
  - Codemirror settings
  - Theme
  - Not shared across clients (when multi-user)

We'll probably want to make an issue for this, I mostly bring it up for folks to think on.

Lukas:

* Will make Linux release after the macOS release is ready
* Likely not much this week, need to catch up with school after being gone for Plotcon

Peggy:

* Cell Size (expandable)
* Flow typing of Redux
* Scroll behavior
* Requested help in prioritizing which of these is most important

John:

* Plotcon was fantastic. Lots of feedback from users.
* Focusing on documentation and testing.
* Some self education, tutorials, and getting up to speed with more complex aspects of rxjs and react.

Paul:

* I will look into unifying the config stuff as Kyle and I talked about at PlotCon. Yes. The blinking was just the first step. Key bindings will be good.

Safia:

* PlotCon presentation — good reception
* Met with folks at 2Sigma — interested in supporting nteract/NumFOCUS
* Top priority for this week is integrating Google analytics into the app now that we have config mostly firmed up
