# August 11th, 2020

### Attendees

- Matt Seal
- Safia Abdalla
- Raman Telhan
- Nathaniel Deal
- Carol Willing


### Notes

- Safia Abdalla
    - Had an issue with MathJax, fixed now by someone from the community and merged in the monorepoi
    - Cristal fixed the desktop issue. 
    - Fix in output package will merge soon.
    - Questions to Carol: About nteract and Julia docs. We need to sync up how Julia is using nteract right now.
    - Questions to Matt: People reaching out and how we can get them involved. 
        - Matt answered the notebook has an entry gap and high pre-request, and we can improve docs to make it easy for people to join.
    - Needs access back to Youtube for kyle.
    - We need to fix the meeting administration, as she has to be on the call before everyone else to let everyone in.
    - We need a better solution for meetings.
        - Jitsi? Zoom?
    - Raman recommended we can try Jitsi in 1:1 to decide better and we can also upload directly to Youtube.

- Matt Seal 
    - Matt Fixed the testbook merge issue, will launce beta version soon.
    - One week away from getting pip name for the package.
    - Few people reached out, but no one followed through.


- Carol Willing
    - Carol has been reviewing the PRs.
    - Trying to look into boolean issue fixed by cristal. 
    - Looked into Julia and other stuff. 

-  Nathaniel Deal
    - Nathaniel is sticking around and looking forward to contributing. 
    - The meeting was helpful to him. He will reach out for questions.

- Raman Telhan 
    - Raman worked on fixing the route update issue in nteract web.
    - PR merged to add helpful information to the web. 
    - Code clean up by moving the abstract functions to utils. 

