# September 1st, 2020

### Attendees

* Carol
* Safia
* Isabela
* Raman
* Rohit
* Kyle
* Dan

### Notes

Safia

* Last Monday of the month release. Production release with key bug fixes for the desktop app.
* Merged PR from contributor for Monaco
* Triage on renovate PRs
* Worked with contributor with change MathJax to appropriate version
* Main focus right now is reviewing PRs and shipping releases
* News! Talking with GitHub folks about how maintainers use GitHub and they were excited about Code of Conduct training that maintainers have to go through and giving triage rights after first PR.
* nteract might have a chance to be in the early access for the discussions feature GitHub is trying to add.

Rohit

* Last day of GSoC yesterday. [Report here](https://rohitsanjay.com/gsoc/final-report).
* Testbook has been going well and planning for future issues like having support for kernels other than IPython
    * Looking at gathering greater range of use cases (including education)
* Submitted proposal for PyCon

Carol

* Followed up on issues and release review.
* Opened #5283 about some things not closing out properly. May be an issue with her set up, looking to see if it can be duplicated. May be related to a kernel.
* Cell ID JEP for Jupyter's messaging spec, mostly positive feedback. All comments seem addressable. 
    * Hopefully sent to Steering Council on Firday. Spec keeps ID within notebook itself.
* Got nteract early access to code scans.

Raman

* Last day of GSoC yesterday as well. [Report here](https://blog.ramantehlan.com/post/2020/gsoc/final-report/).
* Walked through report and demoing nteract Web.
    * Wants to continue to add some features, but focus was on making the notebook work.
* Also shared [this blog post](https://blog.ramantehlan.com/post/2020/gsoc/demystifying-nteract-sdk/).

Dan

* Joined notebook team with Microsoft and is introducing themself.
* Getting a sense of the ecosystem and understanding the community.

Isabela

* Nothing to share. Taking notes.
