# September 29nd, 2020

### Attendees

* Safia, Microsoft and nteract
* Matthew, Noteable and papermill
* Isabela Presedo-Floyd, Quansight Labs UX/UI designer
* Carol Willing, noteable and nteract/Jupyter/Python
* Nick, Elementl
* Alex, Treebeard
* Max Gasner, Elementl
* Raman Tehlan, nteract
* Dan V, Azure notebooks team

### Notes

Presentation from Nick, Alex, and Max about their work with Elementl and Papermill integration.

#### About Dagster
- Data orchestrator
-  See notebooks as a place to do all kinds of work and figuring out how to make all the differing elements work well together.
-  Integration becomes very important with this mindset.

#### Why Dagstermill?
- Notebooks as good for development
- Shouldn't need to rewrite notebooks in a pre-defined way to work with them in different spaces
- Pipelines and interoplation

#### Terms to know

@solid - python function decorator
Functional unit of computation
- declare their requirements
- structured events (metadata)
- typed input/out and parameterized
- emits a stream of metadata
context - access to external state

@pipeline - DSL decorator

@resource

#### Things Dagstermill does
- wrap notebooks as solids
- orchestration
- pass data in and out of notebooks
- full dagster api available inside notebook
- materialize artifacts

#### Demo
- Takes a list of slack messages and runs them through the "world's worst NLP"
- Special cell tagged with a parameters tag. This is the cell that injects the inputs for an exploratory context.
- Don't have to rewrite between exploratory and production code, it recognizes both.
- With output notebook, it tracks errors and allows you to keep a record for debugging.
- All done with JSON, but converts to more customized code that consumes this JSON.
- As you run notebooks over and over, it creates "assets" that catalog the plots produced from each run. This brings together thought processes that are asset oriented with computational oriented (usually dealt with seperately).
- Dagster custom data types enable injection effectively

Papermill
- custom preprocessor and translator

Testbook
- error handling
- Two main personas in mind: the people setting this platform up and the people using the platform. Sometimes these personas are the same person.

#### What could be improved? (nteract side)
- Documentation on jupyter side about assumptions about how each tool / library should be used
- Can there be support for multiple kernels on the same machine and the ability to choose which one you want to use at will
- Error handling
