# September 22nd, 2020

### Attendees

* Safia
* Matthew
* Isabela
* Carol

### Notes

Safia

* Dug into some issues over weekend
* Slack inviter has been down since it wasn't updated with v2. Now facing issues since Slack doesn't have a public-facing API anymore. Now going to rely on the 30 day public invite, but need to remember to update it consistently.
* Working on starting up Storybook page for ansi-to-react
* NUMFocus small business development grants are open again. We might submit a proposal for Scrapbook. Or testing and documentation for nteract (adding integration tests).
    * Matt probably can't do Scrapbook proposal, is there a candidate for someone who has future looking view on Scrapbook? Probably not.
    * Try going for both topics

Matt

* Next week we will have Nick speaking for Dagstermill. Want to get more community there to be a part of the discussion.
* Cell ID status: moving along, but waiting for some responses still.

Carol
* Cell ID status: if people aren't responding by the latest follow up, it's just going to be merged.
* Looking through Papermill and making sure that there aren't any issues. Make sure it is in steady state mode and getting used to working through without Matt.
    * Matt mentioned dependency updates and Python 3.9 release being the main concerns. No tests currently set up for Python 3.9. Check if Travis has a new.
* Reminder: 0.26 is supposed to be next week's release.

Isabela
* Nothing to update.

Thanks to Isabela for taking minutes and pitching in where needed :smile: :sunflower:
