# October 27th, 2020

### Attendees

* Safia
* Carol
* Isabela
* Raman

### Notes

Carol
- Triage issues and notifications
- Trying to reproduce a kernel restart bug reliably

Safia
- Shipped 26.0 yesterday! Yay! (This is the October release)
    - Dragging and dropping images feature
    - Fixing bugs
    - Monaco editor
    - Fixing a bug where if a kernel took too long it just wouldn't be able to execute.
- Merged a feature in commuter that makes it easier to load in AWS profiles
- Merged into outputs to make building on top of ipywidgets easier
- Submitted grant proposal to NumFOCUS about documentation work. This was done last week, but bringing it up again for people who weren't in last week's meeting.
- Want to figure out what we want for November release
    - Would like to bring back the milestones process where they choose what they want for each month so contributors can jump in meaningfully.
- Want to square away the bugs when exporting to PDF
    - Why might this be a problem now? This feature currently leverages the print to PDF API in browser.
    - Should we switch to nbconvert? Would be a new dependency. Would take less work on our end long term because we wouldn't be maintaining it. But it would be a higher knowledge barrier for people to jump in and help maintain it in the future.
    - Can we use nbconvert to generate the style sheet (so we don't have to handle CSS problems)?

Raman
- Wants to continue work on nteract web in the future and fix some things
- Anyone have tips on how they balance job and open source work?
    - Timebox work and have it become a habit (like so much time a week)
    - Staying present with small but consistent work seems to do best
