# November 3nd, 2020

### Attendees

- Safia
- Elijah
- Isabela
 

### Notes

Elijah
- Seeing strange results from version in nteract?
    - Using multiselect and it seems like next cell editor is not being updated like it used to be.
    - Focused/unfocused cells and focus/unfocus cell editors too. Maybe focus cell editor should never be different from focused cell.
    - Feels this way about a few features. Is there something that would have changed that he should look into?
    - Sequentiality of actions. 
- Safia replies referencing an issue she replied to.
    - By default nothing has changed, but could see how certain things could be less predictable based on how they are built (like if there's a cell id missing)
    - Validation happening [here](https://github.com/nteract/nteract/blob/49983455451c1038a59408537e8698ebca9f074a/packages/reducers/src/core/entities/contents/notebook.ts#L394-L412)
    - Referenced a [previous issue](https://github.com/nteract/nteract/issues/5165) where there was discussion about focused cell and focused cell editor relationships.

Safia
- Did work to fix printing PDFs. Still have bug of where it will only print the first page or scroll view.
- Trying to set up semantic release and automate shipping work. Was able to devote less time here, but working on it.

Isabela
- Jupyter community calls returning on monthly basis. Next one will be Nov. 17. It should be up to date on this [calendar](https://jupyter.readthedocs.io/en/latest/community/content-community.html#jupyter-community-meetings).
- Feedback from Safia
    - Open source vs. corporate vs. academia focus? Who do you want to reach out to?
