# January 5th, 2020

### Attendees
- Safia
- Carol
- Matt
- Vivek Pradhan
- John Lam
- Raman Tehlan
- Shuhei Kadowaki
- Isabela Presedo-Floyd

### Notes
- Safia
    - Has written a job description for the technical writer position. She is looking for some review on the post, and then it will be up and open for applications. Please encourage people you know with these skills to apply! 
- John Lam
    - Presents proposal on transmitting cell metadata in Jupyter execute requests
    - Started with question "What would it take to make multi-language support possible in notebooks?" and what would be the smallest possible change to do that?
    - Prior discussion has brought up a lot of questions that we should think about more. For example, should we transmit all cell metadata or just some?
        - Safia says in the past lots of cell metadata is UI-based (even if Jupyter is not installed at the moment). So will there be a separate namespace for things that the kernel needs to know about versus anything else there? 
        - Matt replies is this is still an open question. It probably wouldn't hurt transmitting unneeded metadata, but it makes a messier model. And occassionally you end up needing things you didn't think you would need.
        - Carol says maybe we need a built in assumpation that wherever UI is running, it has access to all potential kernels or environments it could need. We need to address potential problems upfront. We also need to keep the model pretty simple and with clear parameters to get this agreed upon.
        - Matt proposes an execute dictionary that isolates that area of metadata. Potentially solves some questions and you know exactly what you are sending to the kernel.
        - John asks if this solves it from the user perspective. Like do people get handed a notebook and still not be able to tell what it can do. Would this put it on the kernel author to communicate effectively?
        - Matt and Carol think it can be in UI. Matt notes we still have some issues in Jupyter now where the kernel doesn't tell you much about it (like what packages it has) that make it hard to pair kernels and notebooks when they are only slightly different. Nothing tells you if the kernel can even execute a certain notebook.
    - Raman asks what are the user benefits for being able to execute with multiple kernels in a single notebook?
        - John talks about a team he has worked with that has custom actions that let people transfer information between kernels. This lets them do more complex things.
        - Matt adds that the problem right now is that there's no standard for this. People are already doing it. So it's going to keep getting messier and potentially incompatible unless we do something.
        - Carol notes that for standard data formats (such as CSV) you can use that with many languages and do different work easily. So it shouldn't matter to it 
    - Safia asks if this JEP is being proposed as a general JEP or for kernel selection specifically? The framing could really shape discussion about this proposal and how easy it is get people agree to it.
        - John asks which way might help it get through easier? 
        - Safia says she is worried that if it is about kernel selection specifically that discussion will focus on that and not on the many ways that this could make other useful interactions more possible than they are now. If it shows lots of use cases, might help convince. Carol and Matt agree. This would just be updating the motivation section to include a primary motivation as well as others.
        - Carol says "bite-sized" chunks make things more actionable in this space. A custom metadata section makes sense
        - Matt says next steps might be having another meeting like this to work on document, publishing the JEP, making an issue that draws attention to it.
        - John says he also wants to know when commits make sense to pull in. The lines of code are much easier implement than the proposal needed to explain what it does. Matt thinks this makes sense to link when everything is published.
