# January 12th, 2020

### Attendees
- Safia
- Matt
- Vivek Pradhan
- John Lam
- Carol
- Kyle
- Raman Tehlan
- Isabela Presedo-Floyd

### Notes
- Safia
    - Technical writer position job is posted! And we've recieved a few applications 
    (mostly people with GSoD and NumFocus experience).
    - Safia is also triaging issues and PRs to keep up to date.
- Matt
    - Renamed package from `nteract-scrapbook` to `scrapbook` to make it easier to find.
    - Ping him if you need higher priority attention on any issues or PRs; catching up 
    on the project state right now.
- Carol
    - Not much to add.
    - Widgets are working on main branch! Yay!
- Isabela
    - Jupyter community calls are coming up in two weeks (January 26). More info on the 
    [Jupyter Discourse](https://discourse.jupyter.org/t/jupyter-community-calls/668)
- John
    - Updates on the proposal discussed at last week's meeting.
    - Main changes are adding examples for libraries that already do similar things and 
    adding localization and hints about client capabilities as other motivations for 
    this proposal.
    - Options for how to make this happen: kernel *must*, *may*, or *must if the kernel 
    requires it* to transmit cell metadata.
    - How do we want to show failures/lack of support? The ideal is probably to send an 
    error about the infrastructure necessary is missing, the kernel cannot execute, and 
    link to this proposal for information about what is expected.
    - Submit this proposal as wanted by Microsoft in coordination with nteract based on 
    overlapping need. John representing Microsoft, Matt representing nteract, and Carol 
    representing Jupyter.
    - Namespace or sub-dictionary discussion extended from last week. Safia and Matt 
    still think using existing notebook format and sending all the kernel metadata is 
    fine and allows for more flexibility around what people can and can't use. Current 
    [spec documentation](https://jupyter-client.readthedocs.io/en/stable/messaging.html) 
    is here for reference.
    - Next steps are 1. Update the proposal based on today's discussion. 2. Open an 
    issue with high-level of proposal and people involved asking to move forward on the 
    [enhancement-proposals repo](https://github.com/jupyter/enhancement-proposals) 3. Open 
    a PR with the full proposal in markdown for review. [Jupyter Enhancement Proposal 
    docs](https://jupyter.org/enhancement-proposals/29-jep-process/jep-process.html) for reference.
