# February 9th, 2021

### Attendees
- Jerome Villegas
- Nathaniel
- Anye
- Safia
- Vivek Pradhan
- Raman Tehlan
- Carol
- Matt
- Nick Wold
- Isabela

### Notes
- Safia
    - Summarizes previous meeting's discussion of ipywidgets' next release and the questions that were decided we needed to address today.
    - Issues relating to this discussion can be tracked in [nteract/outputs](https://github.com/nteract/outputs/issues)
    - [#3 Add support for output widgets ](https://github.com/nteract/outputs/issues/3)
    - [#5442 Make execution handling more resilient to out of order messages](https://github.com/nteract/nteract/issues/5442)
- Matt
    - Every widget has it's own flavor of how it works and subsequently how it is breaking nteract's UI (and these different flavors aren't typically documented).
    - Some problems include
        - Dual running a process and having the output messages cancel each other out.
        - Updating state can happen out of order or report incorrectly because of ties to the busy/idle cycle of the kernel.
        - nteract assumes that all messages always get sent in a sequential order, and output widgets do not.
- Carol
    - It's worth noting is also that there is a distinct focus on supporting JupyterLab. 
    - Nick specifies that some widget dependencies rely on things that are in JupyterLab, but not jupyter_server.
- Nick
    - There are three ways you can recieve messages: 
        - 1) The easy to handle way where the messages are transactional. The message is directly sent based on an action.
        - 2) The non-transactional option where you get the message as a side effect of something else happening. This is harder to tie to a model ID.
        - 3) Output widgets are special in that they use notebook-level messages instead of com messages, and so it wraps the notebook level messages in com messages and with an empty model ID. These messages also do not always arrive in order, which can create additional problems.
    - Safia clarifies that that nteract outputs are associated to the cell level, but widgets are more on a notebook level. The crossing assumptions can create errors and difficultly mapping messages to to processes.
    - Matt adds that nteract currently uses the kernel state to determine which messages to send. This works with some kernels, but does not support out of order messages which can be a problem both with some kernels and with widgets. Changing the way nteract relies upon this might be a start to solving two problems at once.
    - Nick talks about internal work done to try and address some of this. The current limit is that it does not support rich outputs. Will look into setting up a PR to bring in this support.
- Vivek 
    - Asks for clarification around what output widgets are.
    - They are widgets meant to act like a cell outputs. [Output widgets on the ipywidgets docs](https://ipywidgets.readthedocs.io/en/stable/examples/Output%20Widget.html)
