# February 16th, 2021

### Attendees
- Vivek Pradhan
- Carol Willing
- Jerome Villegas
- Matthew Seal
- Safia
- Kyle
- Raman Tehlan
- Erem
- Isabela Presedo-Floyd

### Notes
- Safia
    - Updated on current work. Mostly triage and handling snowstorm consequences on internet 
    quality and power.:snowflake: 
- Matt
    - Fixes for Matlab kernels and Spark kernels to work automatically in papermill.
    - Shipped scrapbook for 3.9 support
    - Re-recorded the talk for PyCascades talk about testbook with Rohit: 
    https://2021.pycascades.com/program/talks/unit-testing-jupyter-notebooks-testbook/. Covers 
    what it is and how it works, so it should be a good start for anyone new to it!
- Carol
    - Closing out older issues and triaging in papermill. 
    - Helped Jerome get up and running with docs work.
- Jerome
    - Waiting on documentation feedback and building the docs locally.
    - Waiting for feedback on the work in progress documentation survey.
- Isabela
    - The February Jupyter community call is next week! Everyone is welcome and it'd be great 
    to hear more from nteract.
    - If you'd like to present, you can sign up [in the agenda](https://hackmd.io/WZ9DCwZrQummM89-k3bC0A). 
    More info is on the [Jupyter Discourse](https://discourse.jupyter.org/t/jupyter-community-calls/668)
- Erem
    - Introduces themself. They're on a team working on an internal solution for non-technical people to 
    put together their own tooling for creating runbooks.
    - They are using nteract UI in the browser and appreciate the project and it's documentation
    - How is the UI library intended to be used? Their project is not using Jupyter backend, and a lot 
    of the documentation has some Jupyter language built in.
        - Kyle responds that in bootstrapping the UI, it is just easier to rely on Jupyter API, but that 
        as this library continues to be used for projects not tied to that the bugs will be worked out. 
        In terms of just UI, it should be fine and seperated enough from any potential friction points.
        - Safia elaborates that the friction points she anticipates are in the messaging system or in 
        serializing anything.
    - Is there flowtype support in nteract?
        - There used to be, but it was switched to typescript about two years ago.
    - Where is the conversation happening?
        - Mostly on Github and linked to in the Slack. Don't hesitate to ask questions even if it seems quiet!
    - What's the release cadence?
        - Last Monday of the month for main nteract!
        - For papermill and scrapbook, whenever something big is merged there will be a release.
