# March 9th, 2021

### Attendees
- Jerome Villegas
- Shelby
- Safia
- Isabela Presedo-Floyd

### Notes
- Safia
    - Still working on operational things like triaging issues and grant writing.
- Jerome
    - Needs community support on concrete examples of some things in order to write more accurate docs.
    - Working on current docs with the goal of having a PR this week of what the docs should look like and not just notes.
    - Will try to figure out where this fits in the documentation tool nteract uses, but may want help if people with more expertise have time.
    - GSoD application is very different this year and there's a lot of uncertainity.
    - Safia confirms that this year seems to be focused on an organization asking for documentation funding and tech writers need to find the project.
- Shelby
    - Where is a good place to start coming back to nteract? Are there recommendations for good issues right now.
    - Safia recommends areas of IPyWidgets support based on Shelby's interests.
