# April 20, 2021

### Attendees
- Safia
- Jerome Villegas
- Carol
- Isabela
- Matt

### Notes
- Safia
    - Maintainence! Trying to fix some of the test errors.
    - Reviewed and worked with Aman (??) on fixing and getting started with hydrogen.
    - Planning to set up automatic releases on all the repos, but it has not happened yet.
    - Someone opened [#36 on the data explorer](https://github.com/nteract/data-explorer/issues/36) about unexpected behavior. It might be worth passing along to someone who knows more about this area.

- Jerome
    - Next step is quality of life for the docs and getting info on areas where text is missing.
        - If there are still missing elements because people are too busy, Jerome will link to other places to learn more about them so they don't stay as gaps in the docs.
    - Working on the [project report](https://gist.github.com/jeromefv/a08980fee64c7231c19b5435a93ddbd7)!
    - What do we need to do to merge [#5493](https://github.com/nteract/nteract/pull/5493)?

- Carol
    - Triaging on nteract core.
    - Spent time learning about Github actions and dealing with the same type of problem as Safia about testing errors caused by transient dependencies.
    - Started a PR to move papermill to Github actions. Once that's done, we should be able to turn off Travis CI and Azure Pipelines.
        - Safia made this [issue](https://github.com/nteract/nteract/issues/5500) as a checklist!

- Matt
    - Digging into asynchronous widget actions to help out some user-made issues.

- Isabela
    - Jupyter RTC probably not accounting for nteract's uses of the infrastructure they are working with. How can I support?
    - Here's a better understanding of where they expect probelms to arise so I can bring that back to the project:
        - Matt expects the work to break IPyWidgets because they have very rigid assumptions (like both thinking they are the source of truth) and it doesn't seem like anyone is testing for that. There are two channels of widget communication, and unless you explicitly put something in to capture them and pass it between them they won't communicate as-is now.
        - It sounds like some people had managed to make that work in other spaces, so there should be a solution. 
        - Basic widgets will likely work, but a lot of edge cases and more powerful widgets will break this way. Carol adds that custom widgets will have this too, probably. So this could easily be a larger community issue.
