# May 04, 2021

### Attendees
- Safia
- Alex Panov
- Isabela
- Matt

### Notes
- Carol (written update)
    - I turned off Travis for all the archived and deprecated repos. Can any of the projects mentioned here be deprecated or moved to GH Actions? [nteract/nteract #5500](https://github.com/nteract/nteract/issues/5500#issuecomment-828523577)
    - Also added some tech notes and updated README for zeromq.js. Great updates by @Amin Yahyaabadi on the build process too. Started taking a look at adding Vegalite 5 to any-vega but was having mac build issues. Going to try on Linux later.
    - Also updated themes are now active for Papermill and Scrapbook docs.
- Safia
    - Release of all js packages
    - New release with fixes to monaco editor and security patches.
    - Issue triaging
    - Helped Alex Booth move all repos over to Github actions and semantic release.
    - Wants to bring up interest in moving from Slack since it no longer has the invite API and that makes it more inaccessible for people.
    - Next week we will discuss PyCon sprints.
- Alex
    - Is doing RTC work for nteract. How do we make sure we are showing this to the right people and is there a process?
    - Safia says as long as we know ahead that it will be demonstrated, we can make sure people are here. Agreed to schedule it on Tuesday May 18 at this call
    - Alex is trying to build a stack-agnostic layer and abstract certain parts so that it is easy to plug in to the RTC.
    - Drawing upon experience with Fluid and VSCode live share. We need to make sure for the nteract implementation that this is open source (unlike some of these examples).
    - Matt adds thoughts on where the JupyterLab-focused RTC efforts are for context. 
- Matt
    - Working with Carol a little on the Github actions migration and adding support for Python 3.9 and removing support for 3.5.
    - Thinks we should continue this maintainence more regularly.
