# May 10, 2021

### Attendees
- Matt
- Vivek Pradhan
- Safia
- Raman Tehlan
- Isabela Presedo-Floyd
- Joaquín

### Notes
- Safia 
    - Reminder: next week is our RTC discussion.
- Matt
    - Helped with reviews on a few things like updated code of conduct on testbook.
    - Rohit changed main branch from `master` to `main`
- Isabela
    - Still working on a CZI grant for accessibility in the Jupyter ecosystem. The full application is planned to be up for public review before it is due.
    - Would it be okay to tag people so that nteract stays up to date and can give feedback if interested? Yes.
- Raman
    - Is preparing to do some work in hydrogen based on existing issues.
    - Is there a roadmap for nteract web?
        - Safia says the most up to date is in [nteract/nteract #4956](https://github.com/nteract/nteract/issues/4956)
    - Stay safe!
- Joaquín
    - First time at this meeting! (Welcome!)
    - Following up on [nteract/nteract #5527](https://github.com/nteract/nteract/issues/5527) asking what good next steps are.
    - Safia thinks this would be ready for PRs (two seperate PRs to keep it easier to review).
