# June 15, 2021

### Attendees
- Safia
- Vivek Pradhan
- Carol Willing
- Isabela Presedo-Floyd

### Notes
- Safia
    - Working on automated release set up on all repos.
    - Single-package repos should all be done, but there are a few left.
    - It is set up on the monorepo! So Safia doesn't have to do manual releases anymore. Yay! :tada: 
    - Things that will change on contributor end: 
        - Commit messages need to follow a specific format
        - Changelog updates will no longer be required
        - Contributing guide needs to be updated accordingly
        - Breaking changes still require manual intervention
        - We need to be super vigilant about PRs now since each PR triggers a release right now and it cannot be stopped once the PR is merged
    - To do:
        - Getting it to produce automated release notes
        - Automated release for the desktop app
    - More info on [the discussion](https://github.com/nteract/nteract/discussions/5568)
- Carol
    - Triaged on data-explorer
- Vivek
    - Questions about automated release
        - Does semantic release try to release all packages, or just the one where commits were made? It reviews all of them, but if the commit message(s) is one that does not trigger a release that package will not be released. (More info on [commit messages here](https://www.conventionalcommits.org/en/v1.0.0/).)
        - Are there plans to do the last manual release for June? Or do we have to wait for the next PR merged? There are plans to do a last manual release once automated release includes automated relase notes (since that is the last step planned for this process).
