# Month Date, Year

October 5th, 2021

### Attendees

* Matt S.
* Vivek P.

### Notes

- [v7 Update Merged](https://github.com/nteract/nteract/issues/5588)
-- Wanted to do a bug jam session to make sure everything looks solid next meeting. Vivek to announce in slack about this
-- Barry from Vivek's team wanted to discuss what next steps are
- https://github.com/nteract/nteract/pull/5608
-- Have duplicate of peerDependencies and dependencies
-- Consider moving redux to peerDependency as well
